app/(post)/2024/cs-basics-series/page.mdx, before:

export const metadata = {
  title: "Learn CS Basics Series #0",
  description: "I decided to start this series to overcome my deficiencies in CS.",
    openGraph: {
    title: "Learn CS Basics Series #0",
    description:"I decided to start this series to overcome my deficiencies in CS.",
    images: [{ url:""}],
  }
}


For a long time, I have been grappling with confusion regarding my personal development path, exploring various areas of software such as iOS, Rust, Go, C++, and more. 
Last night and today, I made the decision to step back a bit. During this reflection, I came to the realization that my approach to development ambitions was flawed. 
Understanding that not everything can be pursued simultaneously, I acknowledged the need to solidify my foundational knowledge first. 
Therefore, I decided to let go of my scattered efforts and focus on strengthening my fundamentals.

<Blockquote>
  If the foundation of the house is not strong, the roof will rise in vain.
</Blockquote>


Similarly, in my journey of self-development, I've come to recognize the importance of building a solid foundation. 
Without a robust base, my efforts to explore diverse areas of software were akin to constructing a fragile structure. 
Now, my focus is on reinforcing my fundamentals, ensuring a stable groundwork for my future endeavors.

<Image alt="red pill" src="/img/cs-basics-series/red-pill.webp" width={1600} height={800} />

### Roadmaps I will use in this process

[roadmap.sh](https://roadmap.sh/computer-science)<br/>
[Coding Interview university](https://github.com/jwasham/coding-interview-university)<br/>
[OpenSource Society University - CS](https://github.com/ossu/computer-science)<br/>
[Teach Yourself Computer Science](https://teachyourselfcs.com/)<br/>

Commit message:

Add the first iteration of `CS Basics Series` articles

app/(post)/2024/cs-basics-series/page.mdx, after:

export const metadata = {
  title: "Learn CS Basics Series #0",
  description: "I decided to start this series to overcome my deficiencies in CS.",
    openGraph: {
    title: "Learn CS Basics Series #0",
    description:"I decided to start this series to overcome my deficiencies in CS.",
    images: [{ url:""}],
  }
}


For a long time, I have been grappling with confusion regarding my personal development path, exploring various areas of software such as iOS, Rust, Go, C++, and more. 
Last night and today, I made the decision to step back a bit. During this reflection, I came to the realization that my approach to development ambitions was flawed. 
Understanding that not everything can be pursued simultaneously, I acknowledged the need to solidify my foundational knowledge first. 
Therefore, I decided to let go of my scattered efforts and focus on strengthening my fundamentals.

<Blockquote>
  If the foundation of the house is not strong, the roof will rise in vain.
</Blockquote>


Similarly, in my journey of self-development, I've come to recognize the importance of building a solid foundation. 
Without a robust base, my efforts to explore diverse areas of software were akin to constructing a fragile structure. 
Now, my focus is on reinforcing my fundamentals, ensuring a stable groundwork for my future endeavors.

<Image alt="red pill" src="/img/cs-basics-series/red-pill.webp" width={1600} height={800} />

### Roadmaps I will use in this process

[roadmap.sh](https://roadmap.sh/computer-science)<br/>
[OpenSource Society University - CS](https://github.com/ossu/computer-science)<br/>
[Teach Yourself Computer Science](https://teachyourselfcs.com/)<br/>
I found some insightful ideas within the repository, particularly, [this article](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/why-i-studied-full-time-for-8-months-for-a-google-interview-cc662ce9bb13) caught my attention and provided valuable enlightenment.👉🏻
[Coding Interview University](https://github.com/jwasham/coding-interview-university)<br/>

***

## List and order of topics in the series

I will structure and prioritize the content based on the chapters outlined in the book `Cracking The Coding Interview`, aligning with the sequence presented therein. 
Subsequently, I'll correspondingly address the relevant subjects delineated in the book `Data Structures & Algorithms in C++`.
You can access the grades for each section from the links provided in the list below.

<div className="flex flex-col sm:flex-row items-center justify-between">
  <Image alt="data-structures-and-algorithms-in-c++ book" src="/img/cs-basics-series/cracking-the-coding-interview.jpg" width={300} height={200} />
  <Image alt="data-structures-and-algorithms-in-c++ book" src="/img/cs-basics-series/data-structures-and-algorithms-in-cpp.jpg" width={300} height={200} />
</div>

1. [Introduction and Big O](/2024/cs-basics-series/1-introduction)
2. [Data Structures](/2024/cs-basics-series/2-data-structures)
3. [Concepts and Algorithms](/2024/cs-basics-series/3-concepts-and-algorithms)
4. [Knowledge Based](/2024/cs-basics-series/4-knowledge-based)
